 # Meaning of Computing (11.18.19)
 
 **Instructions**<br>
 Write (in your Github repository) at least three paragraphs about what computing means to you at this point. Reflect on the conversations we’ve had in class, and look critically at your relationship with computing.
 
    Is it adding something to your life?
    Is it helping you become a better person?
    What are you getting out of it, what do others get from it?
    
 **Response**
 
 Computing has been a recent addition to my life. Prior to university, pretty set on the physical sciences, 
 I have never had the desire to program, let alone pursue a major in Computer Science.
 My indifference to computing, specifically software programming, changed when I took an introduction 
 class to computer science in NYUAD, a decision taken with a simple desire to expose myself to a field which was inaccessible
 during my high school years - nothing beyond that. The class was challenging as a person with little to no experience in 
 programming but through the process, I met incredible programmers, mostly upper classmen, who had the ability to use code
 and digital media to create a functioning product - whether that was in the form of a game, music, etc. I think the main appeal 
 which drew me into programming, despite my inexperience, was the relative lack of physical capital required to build programs compared to science experiments of hardware engineering. Anything, within one's imagination, can come to life through digital media which is tied together using code. In my opinion, there are far less limitations to digital design, through the use of computer graphics, compared to hardware design yet in most cases, they are both able to carry the visuals across. Having the skill to put all these components together to bring about a product of my imagination, with little to no limits, is a skill which I believe is worth investing a significant of my life trying to master. 

Programming has pushed me to be patient. Most of my frustrations lie within the process of debugging. The moments, where I am neither aware of why my code does not or does work, are what truely push my patience. However, I am still drawn to the process as there is always a clear objective or outcome created after the process. I think the clear goal that exists for every programming project, which does not exist for all fields of study, is what allows me to endure the mentally exhaustive process of debugging. In this aspect, programming has and is developing my patience.
 
 At this point in my life, I aspire to progressively develop my skills in programming throughout my years here in NYUAD through participating in group and personal projects as creation, of a function product, has always been the main goal for me to learn coding. I want to eventually get to a point where I have majority of the skillsets to contribute to a project which stems out of my visual imagination. 
