**Reading Response**

The text "Computer Vision for Artists and Designers" provides in-depth description of the types of low-level computer vision techniques used to allow computers to read and make intelligent asserts about digital images and videos which are not syntatic in nature. The main purpose for Levin's text is to demystify computer vision for novice programming, making the technique more accessible for use in interactive media arts. 

From the examples provided, I found the two projects - Sorting Daemon and Suicide Box - particularly interesting. Their common theme of surveillance, which aims to question the ethics behind the use of automated systems, provoked a thought on is it okay to express any and every natural phenomenon with code? The overly simplification programming process of detecting suicide and the quantification of death revealed to me the dehumanizing nature of codifying something as significant as death. It felt wrong that it was even possible to simplify a person's suicide to a single line of code, making their death synonymous to merely "verical motion". 

The two works, especially Suicide Box, simply take what already exists and reformat the way in which the phenomenon is presented. Something as simple as decreasing the increment of time between each suicide and formatting them in a loop provoked such strong emotions. It made me realize it is not the quantity of computing that makes computer visualized work powerful - it is the message behind it. This definately inspires me to give more thought on the actual purpose of my work when creating an interactive piece, prior to brainstorming the type of materials and aesthetics I want to achieve through the work. 

The author's emphasis on the dual dependence of physical conditions and the algorithm informs me that this could potentially be one of the most challenging aspects of creating a well-functioning interactive piece. Both, hardware, software, and the environment, must coordinate in a smooth manner in order to bring about the most well functioning piece. It also makes me consider the realistic range of possible environments I have access to within the campus which is something to be aware of when coming up with the final project. 
